The following is instructions to run this program.
We have store all csv and txt file under ProjectPhase1 except the event file is under src/
All java file are stored under src/

Step 1: Open project on intellij, the project can be either open under IdeaProjects/group_0131
or IdeaProjects/group_0131/ProjectPhase1, otherwise there would be FileNotFound error.

Step 2: The Main.java is under src/, the project can be run by running Main.java.
All program commands are stored in event, the Main.java will read event and record all responses
correspondingly in log.txt file.

Notes:
All csv and txt files will get logged except Pendingorder.csv, which assuming the pending order will
get processed event time the program run again and therefore reset itself every time.

If markers want to create their own input file, please delete the original event file and name their
file as event and put this event under src/ file.


We list all commands can can be changed in event or make new event file below.
Note that in order to execute commands, you have to login first, for instance, you have to login as
manager so that you can view the daily profit and revenue. Otherwise the commands will not run properly.


Every products has its particular threshold, when the quantity of this product is below its threshold,
you are able to create new order to distributor.
The system will ask "Do you want to set amount of quantity you need to order" in console, type yes or no only.
Type yes to set your own amount, then type the amount you want to order,
then type which distributor you want to order from.
If you type no the program will create order using default amount, which is three times its threshold.
and the default distributor is U of T.

Both Cashier and Receiver can scan products. The quantity will change by one if scan is successfully been processed.

Cashier:
Cashiers can scan item out of inventory, set a product on sale or unSale, set the sale dates,
and check for start and end date of any products.
Enter "Cashier login" to log in the system as a Cashier.
When Cashier want to Scan an product out of inventory(to sell this product).
Enter "Cashier scan" + product upc + true

For example:
Cashier scan 123456789101 true

If Cashier wants to check sale dates of a scanned item.
Enter "Cashier scan" + product upc + false
For example:
Cashier scan 123456789101 false

TO Cashier wants to set certain product on sale.
Entering "Cashier setSale" + upc of the product + sale lasting length (How many days) + sale price.
For example:
Cashier setSale 123456789101 2 12

To cashier wants to set certain product return unsale.
Entering "Cashier setUnsale" + upc of the product
For example:
Cashier setUnsale 123456789101


Receiver:
Receiver will scan in new items into inventory and also scan new units of a pre-existing item.
Receiver can also view location, cost, price history, and current price of a product.
Entering "Receiver login" to log in the system as a Receiver.
To Scan a product into the Inventory:
If the product already exists in the inventory, enter "Receiver scan" + upc number for that product.

For example:
Receiver scan 136
If the product is new to the store, enter "Receiver scan" + upc number + name of the product + cost
of the product + price of the product + quantity want to add in the inventory + location of the product.

For example:

Receiver scan 123456789101 milk 0.83 1.99 114 product 1
where 123456789101 is upc, 0.83 is the cost, 1.99 is the price, 114 is the quantity wants to add,
and product 1 is the section name and shelf number (the location)

To view products information, enter "Receiver view" + upc number.
for example:
Receiver view 123456789101
Then Receiver will receive all information he may possible want to know.


Reshelver:
Reshelver can change layout in the store and view either location of products, order history,
or the current quantity in store.
Entering "Reshelver login" to log in the system as a Reshelver.

If Reshelver want to reshelf certain two shelves.
Entering "Reshelver reshelf" + Section name + two shelf number want to switch location.
For example:
Reshelver reshelf produce a b
There are only three shelves in each section, their corresponding name is a, b and c.

To view product location and quantity left6, enter "Reshelver view" + upc name.
for example:
Reshelver view 123456789101
Then Receiver will receive all information he may possibly wants to know.
To view order history.
Enter "Reshelver orderhistory"


Manager:
Manager can view a list of pending orders, daily total sales (revenue) and daily total profit.
Enter "Manager login" to log in the system as a manager.
If Manager wants to view daily profit.
Enter "Manager view Daily profit"
If Manager wants to view daily revenue.
Enter "Manager view Daily revenue"
If Manager wants to view pending orders.
Enter "Manager view pendingorder"
